Hello, can you introduce yourself?
My name is Shen Yanzhen
27-Year-old Yunshen Shen Family and President of Shen Group
Shen's Media occupies half of the entertainment industry
Yinliushui Chaoyi Media Company
It turned out to be a talent scout for street digging stars.
So many titles
Pretty scary
Please introduce yourself, my name is Gu Jinxi
26-Year-old street singer undertakes various commercial performances
Red matter and white matter can be accepted
Income? It doesn't matter how much income
As long as you marry me, I will give you a sum of money
This sum of money is enough for you to worry about the rest of your life
Get married and give me money
What do you mean?
We don't talk about it
I will rent you for a year
We will get married in July.
Go get married
Sir, I am married.
You got the wrong person.
And I'm here to lose my husband today
Sorry I got the wrong person
You are getting more and more unreliable now
Who are you dating and complaining about this?
Do you really have it?
Be safe everyone
Pay attention to safety
Shut up and don't call me
I'm fine, Haochen just has too many fans.
It's my uncle
I said get out of here
You are a shameless woman
Can't you understand? Can't you understand?
Hurry up and sign the divorce
You want to divorce me?